hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna show
you a thrilling film the secret number
when Simon was a little boy he met an
accident in his mother's car knocking
down an old man deadly with the sugar
beans in the old man's hand scattered
all over the ground the grown-up Simon
becomes a psychologist and receives a
special patient Sunday who's a professor
with talent in mathematics the professor
tries to prove to Simon that there's
still another round number hidden
between the number three and four he
calls the number bleem because what he
claims violates definitely against the
generally accepted rule in mathematics
the professor is sent to here for the
psychiatric treatment based on some
background check on the professor Simon
soon finds out he's even won the Fields
Medal the same level as the Nobel Prize
in the mathematics circle and what's
more the professor got no history of any
mental illness before so Simon's
confused much by the case at hand the
second day Simon interviews the
professor again but the professor
insists to claim the existence of the
round number bleem hidden between three
and four Simon asked to the professor to
show him the blame by use of the sugar
beans with three beans lining up first
the professor seems too unable to show
the position of the fourth which makes
him extremely anxious and depressed
Simon has to explain to him this is all
because there's no blame existing at all
triggered by what's been said the
professor busts into anger and shouts at
Simon that he's being stopped by
something weird to complete the proof
the professor vows to do more research
on the number of leaned with pen and
some sugar beans grabbed from the office
he then later taken into the sickroom
304 under close watch the scattered
sugar beans remind Simon of the car
accident happened far ago when he saw
the same scattered on the ground
in the evening when Simon takes the lift
down off his office the elevator stops
for a while between fourth floor and
third he feels so astonished then by the
time he reaches home he replays over and
over again the audio records taken with
the professor
during the past interview of the
professor mentioned multi-dimensional
space which would include at least seven
dimensions that the average humans can't
feel and perceive the most but only the
three dimensions this is due to the
limitation only to human sensory ability
but also the most important to humans
poor knowledge in mathematics as long as
the hidden number bleem has found out
the mankind may feel and perceive more
dimensions and can even formulate a way
that would possibly support the
time-travel still under confusion Simon
comes to a local bar trying to relax his
mind where he happens to see a peanut
pop up itself and what's weird the
professor is drawing formulas on the
window glass outside
Simon follows him up to Silent
neighborhood where Simon sees the news
broadcasting the exact car accident that
he's caught in when he's a kid
from the news a poor old man can't even
be identified from the police book
records at that right time Simon is
alerted by a phone call nearby which at
the same time disrupts him out of his
horrible dream
Simon picks up the phone knowing that
the professor in the sick room 304 has
just disappeared out of nowhere with
only the drawn formulas leaving it
everywhere on the walls Simon feels
astonished that the professor seems to
approve the existence of number bleep
Simon finds a leftover pen cover on the
ground and the only three sugar beans on
the table where the nurse happens to
take in qu one but - Simon shocked there
are still three left on the table
suddenly he comes up to his mind very
clearly that during the car accident
besides the sugar being scattered around
he also found a pen left on the ground
without its cover
and the poor old man knocked down deadly
is nobody but the professor the secret
number film mainly uncovers a story
where the mathematics professor finally
proves the existence of the round number
bleem and finds out the key to a
multi-dimensional space based on his
findings the professor even time travels
back to Simon's childhood trying to
prove to the little Simon that he's not
a psycho and he successfully made it
however it seems that the professor
could not control exactly the location
of his time-travel and got hit dead by
the car this is Daniel CC movie review
please comment below thumbs up and
subscribe to my channel see you all next
time with more shows bye bye